address final content review (#76)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-jms-intro: README.adoc

:page-seo-description: A getting started tutorial with examples on how to produce and consume messages in Java microservices in a standard way by using the Jakarta Messaging API with the embedded Liberty Messaging Server or an external messaging server, IBM MQ.
= Producing and consuming messages in Java microservices

[.hidden]
NOTE: This repository contains the guide documentation source. To view the guide in published form, view it on the https://openliberty.io/guides/{projectid}.html[Open Liberty website].

Learn how to produce and consume messages to communicate between Java microservices in a standard way by using the Jakarta Messaging API with the embedded Liberty Messaging Server or an external messaging server, IBM MQ.

== What you'll learn

You’ll learn how to communicate between Java web services when one service is producing a continuous stream of asynchronous messages or events to be consumed by other services, rather than just sending and receiving individual requests for data. You will also learn how to use a messaging server and client to manage the production and consumption of the messages by the services.

> In this guide, you will first use the embedded Liberty Messaging Server to manage messages, then you will optionally switch to using an external messaging server to manage the messages, in this case, https://www.ibm.com/products/mq[IBM MQ^]. You might use an external messaging server if the messaging mechanism is important to your application (e.g. during a bank transfer in a banking application). None of your messages are lost if there is a system overloading or outage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will first use the embedded Liberty Messaging Server to manage messages, then you will optionally switch to using an external messaging server to manage the messages, in this case, https://www.ibm.com/products/mq[IBM MQ^]. You might use an external messaging server if it is critical that none of the messages is lost if there is a system overload or outage; for example during a bank transfer in a banking application.
```

You will learn how to write your Java application using the Jakarta Messaging API which provides a standard way to produce and consume messages in Java application, regardless of which messaging server your application will ultimately use.

> The application in this guide consists of two microservices, `system` and `inventory`. Every 15 seconds, the `system` microservice computes and publishes a message that contains system’s current CPU and memory load usage. The `inventory` microservice subscribes to that information at the `/systems` REST endpoint so that it can keep an updated list of all the systems and their current system loads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application in this guide consists of two microservices, `system` and `inventory`. Every 15 seconds, the `system` microservice computes and publishes a message that contains the system’s current CPU and memory load usage. The `inventory` microservice subscribes to that information at the `/systems` REST endpoint so that it can keep an updated list of all the systems and their current system loads.
```

You’ll create the `system` and `inventory` microservices using the Jakarta Messaging API to produce and consume the messages using the embedded Liberty Messaging Server.

image::architecture.png[Application architecture where system and inventory services use the Jakarta Messaging to communicate.,align="center"]

> You will then, optionally, reconfigure the application, without otherwise changing the Java code, to use an external IBM MQ messaging server instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will then, optionally, reconfigure the application, without changing the application's Java code, to use an external IBM MQ messaging server instead.
```
